[WIP] Add capacity provider to ecs cluster resources (#11267)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/ecs_cluster.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the cluster (up to 255 letters, numbers, hyphens, and underscores)

> * `capacity_providers` - (Optional) The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of one or more capacity providers to associate with the cluster.

Reviewer: Might be good to denote at the beginning this is a list and that [valid values include `FARGATE` and `FARGATE_SPOT`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/APIReference/API_CreateCluster.html#ECS-CreateCluster-request-capacityProviders):

```suggestion
* `capacity_providers` - (Optional) List of short names or full Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of one or more capacity providers to associate with the cluster. Valid values also include `FARGATE` and `FARGATE_SPOT`.
```

* `name` - (Required) Name of the setting to manage. Valid values: `containerInsights`.
* `value` -  (Required) The value to assign to the setting. Value values are `enabled` and `disabled`.

## default_capacity_provider_strategy

The `default_capacity_provider_strategy` configuration block supports the following:

> * `capacityProvider` - (Required) The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the capacity provider.

Reviewer: Typo 😎 

```suggestion
* `capacity_provider` - (Required) The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the capacity provider.
```
